Feat: Introduce ValidationText has Icons #DS-1676 (#1948)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: packages/web/src/scss/components/Select/README.md

a JS interaction class when controlled by JavaScript (`has-success`,
`has-warning`, `has-danger`). See Validation state [dictionary][dictionary-validation].

> - To render validation text as a list, use `<ul>` element inside of `<div>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To render validation text as a list, use `<ul>` element inside of `.Select__validationText`.
```
